hey guys elson docks beats Wong here
well um I guess this is a little mini
how to shade shadow the hedgehog
tutorial clingy finger thinking of a
magic or whatever you want to call it
but um that's not it really soon
ah yeah just to start off um I'm shading
page 15 of the angel of darkness
calming sketch series and just to start
off I'm shading the final panel where
it's a one faced side shot of Shadow the
Hedgehog
as you can see
running through his ears yes I've picked
up we see a 4b pencil that's right 4b
lead pencil to shade that part the more
thicker parts you know the ears decided
to head to give that you know
textured look especially on these our
spines so yeah it applies to all the
hedgehogs to you though for shadow the
hedgehog when I shade him of course I
use a much more bolder LED so therefore
4b or at least minimum of 2 B and the
darker the better because you know his
color is black and sunny is blue which
is a lighter shade of black and well the
lightest would be super the Hedgehog of
course yeah right now I'm just using the
Pacer which is to be and
yeah just putting it away again I use
that to outline the red stripes on
shadows of spines yes and yeah picked up
the four be led again and did some more
shading you know just add some extra
layers on top of what's already been
shaded yeah now i'm gonna show you the
white parts the leftovers so especially
in that area you got to create that
round texture because that part of the
head is more it's more closer if you
look at it from this perspective so at
that point you would have to shade a
little bit more darker or otherwise you
would nom
shade another layer on the top of what
you shaded already so continuing on the
spines are
yes around the corners right there and I
think I'm proof yep I swapped the piece
again just do some extra line shadings
like on the stripes I just put strokes a
set of strokes and lines like that see
and yep just outlining it a little bit
more and yep that's it almost to the end
I think yeah yeah close to the end
and they have folks um oh just adding
extra lines to shadows is uh it's not
even finished yet gosh dan name why my
oh I'm shading his um eyeballs yeah very
lightly you gonna do it very lightly
with that one and but uh yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah that shadow the hedgehog
shaded so yeah I hope that was useful um
for those who had watched and you know
good luck to you to all you artists who
are inspired and um you know willing to
try and give shading a shot all right
cheers for listening and this is elson
darks beat swung over and out see ya
you